README.md, before:

<p align="center">
	<img width="256px" src="https://github.com/godotessentials/2d-essentials/blob/main/icon.PNG" alt="Godot 2d essentials logo" />
	<h1 align="center">Godot 2D Essentials</h1>
</p>

**Godot 2D Essentials** is a comprehensive collection of production-ready components designed to expedite the development of your 2D games. These components handle fundamental behaviors without impinging on the distinct logic of your game.

We provide several examples demonstrating how to utilize them, all located in the [examples](https://github.com/godotessentials/2d-essentials/tree/main/examples) folder within this repository

# Requirements
- Godot 4+

# ✨Installation
## Automatic (Recommended)
You can download this plugin from the official [Godot asset library](https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/2039) using the AssetLib tab in your godot editor. Once installed, you're ready to get started
##  Manual 
To manually install the plugin, create an **"addons"** folder at the root of your Godot project and then download the contents from the **"addons"** folder of this repository
# 🐱‍🏍Getting started
This collection comprises new nodes that can be added as scenes, following your usual process when working with the Godot game engine. These nodes are designed to be flexible, allowing them to adapt to the mechanics of your game without interfering with decisions that might impact the implementation of your game's unique mechanics.
# Official documentation
For detailed understanding and examples of usage, please refer to the [official documentation](https://godot-essentials.gitbook.io/addons-documentation/), where you can find all the necessary information.

# You are welcome to
- [Give feedback](https://github.com/godotessentials/2d-essentials/pulls)
- [Suggest improvements](https://github.com/godotessentials/2d-essentials/issues/new?assignees=s3r0s4pi3ns&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.md&title=)
- [Bug report](https://github.com/godotessentials/2d-essentials/issues/new?assignees=s3r0s4pi3ns&labels=bug%2C+task&template=bug_report.md&title=)
- - -
# Contribution guidelines
**Thank you for your interest in Godot2DEssentials!

Code of Conduct: We strictly adhere to the Godot code of conduct in this project. As a contributor, it is important to respect and follow this code to maintain a positive and inclusive community.

# Examples
- [Alys - Precision platformer](https://github.com/godotessentials/alys)
- [Veneno - Playing card game](https://github.com/godotessentials/Veneno)

# Contact us
If you have built a project, demo, script or example with this plugin let us know and we can publish it here in the repository to help us to improve and to know that what we do is useful.

Commit message:

contributing guidelines document to start receiving pull requests

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
	<img width="256px" src="https://github.com/godotessentials/2d-essentials/blob/main/icon.PNG" alt="Godot 2d essentials logo" />
	<h1 align="center">Godot 2D Essentials</h1>
</p>

**Godot 2D Essentials** is a comprehensive collection of production-ready components designed to expedite the development of your 2D games. These components handle fundamental behaviors without impinging on the distinct logic of your game.

We provide several examples demonstrating how to utilize them, all located in the [examples](https://github.com/godotessentials/2d-essentials/tree/main/examples) folder within this repository

# Requirements
- Godot 4+

# ✨Installation
## Automatic (Recommended)
You can download this plugin from the official [Godot asset library](https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/2039) using the AssetLib tab in your godot editor. Once installed, you're ready to get started
##  Manual 
To manually install the plugin, create an **"addons"** folder at the root of your Godot project and then download the contents from the **"addons"** folder of this repository
# 🐱‍🏍Getting started
This collection comprises new nodes that can be added as scenes, following your usual process when working with the Godot game engine. These nodes are designed to be flexible, allowing them to adapt to the mechanics of your game without interfering with decisions that might impact the implementation of your game's unique mechanics.
# Official documentation
For detailed understanding and examples of usage, please refer to the [official documentation](https://godot-essentials.gitbook.io/addons-documentation/), where you can find all the necessary information.

# You are welcome to
- [Give feedback](https://github.com/godotessentials/2d-essentials/pulls)
- [Suggest improvements](https://github.com/godotessentials/2d-essentials/issues/new?assignees=s3r0s4pi3ns&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.md&title=)
- [Bug report](https://github.com/godotessentials/2d-essentials/issues/new?assignees=s3r0s4pi3ns&labels=bug%2C+task&template=bug_report.md&title=)

- - -
# Contribution guidelines
**Thank you for your interest in Godot2DEssentials!
To ensure a smooth and collaborative contribution process, please review our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/godotessentials/2d-essentials/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) before getting started. These guidelines outline the standards and expectations we uphold in this project.

**Code of Conduct:** We strictly adhere to the Godot code of conduct in this project. As a contributor, it is important to respect and follow this code to maintain a positive and inclusive community.

- - -

# Examples
- [Alys - Precision platformer](https://github.com/godotessentials/alys)
- [Veneno - Playing card game](https://github.com/godotessentials/Veneno)

# Contact us
If you have built a project, demo, script or example with this plugin let us know and we can publish it here in the repository to help us to improve and to know that what we do is useful.
